Inter 4-3 FC Barcelona: Agonising exit - FC Barcelona
Football can be so cruel sometimes, and on Tuesday at the Giuseppe Meazza it delivered one its cruellest blows yet. Barça did everything and more to warrant a place in the Champions League Final, but despite utterly outplaying Inter from start to finish, ended up losing 4-3 in extra time and the European journey ends here.

Hansi Flick says Barça ‘will be back’ - FC Barcelona
Acruel ending for FC Barcelona in the Champions League after being just minutes away from making the final in Munich. “I am proud of my team,” said coach Hansi Flick in his post-game press conference following his side’s 4-3 defeat in the second leg of the semi-final against Inter Milan.

Flick: “I told the referee what I think; the result is unfair because of his decisions” - Mundo Deportivo
The Barça coach praised his players: “When they get home at 4 a.m. and look in the mirror, they can be proud.”

Lamine Yamal: “I will keep my promise and bring the Champions League to Barcelona” - Mundo Deportivo
The Barça winger’s ambitious and vindictive message on social media after the Champions League semi-final knockout makes it clear, in passing, that he will renew his contract.

Íñigo on the referee: “Everyone has seen that the decisions fell on the same side” - Mundo Deportivo
The center-back also explained after the match the reasons that led him to experience a tense moment with Acerbi: “He celebrated the goal in my ear, I got angry, but the spit wasn’t aimed at him; I would have been sent off.”

Pedri: “This isn’t the first time this has happened to us with this referee. UEFA should look into it” - Mundo Deportivo
The midfielder was highly critical of Szymon Marciniak’s performance at the Giuseppe Meazza.

De Jong: “Conceding with two minutes left is difficult to manage” - Mundo Deportivo
The Dutchman confessed that they are leaving Milan with “a bit of an empty feeling.”

Ronald Araujo: “We had it close, but it got away” - Mundo Deportivo
The Uruguayan admitted that the team is “sad” after missing out on the final, but was positive about the future: “This generation will win many Champions Leagues.”