Lamine Yamal is the FC Barcelona No.10
Not only has the teenager signed a new contract until 2031, but he received his new shirt from none other than president Joan Laporta himself
www.fcbarcelona.com
07:15pm Wednesday 16 Jul
Feature
 label.aria.clock16 Jul 25
It’s official: Lamine Yamal will be wearing the coveted No 10 jersey for FC Barcelona next season. On the day that he signed his extended contract until 2031, the player who recently turned 18 received the shirt bearing the famous number from president Joan Laporta.


Lamine did so accompanied by his family on this special day, and representing the Club, aside from president Joan Laporta, were the Sporting Commission, with the director responsible for the sports area, Rafa Yuste; the director of the football area, Deco, the football area coordinator, Bojan Krkic and the director and member of the Sporting Commission, Joan Soler. 

Weighty number... But not for him
This is the latest step in the La Masia starlet’s rise to the very top. By taking on a number of such symbolic weight in world football, and nowhere less so than at Barça, Lamine is once again showing that responsibility doesn’t faze him. He inherits the squad number left vacant since Ansu Fati moved to Monaco, ahead of another exciting season in which Barça defend their domestic treble of Liga, Copa and Supercopa titles.

Contract signed, shirt in hand
The news broke on a special day for the player, who visited the Spotify Camp Nou offices to meet Laporta and put pen to paper on a deal that keeps him at his boyhood club for six more seasons. Immediately after signing, Laporta presented him with his new No 10 shirt, prompting an ear‑to‑ear smile from the player himself.

But eager for more, the winger headed to the Barça Store to personally print his name and number on the new blaugrana kit for the 2025/26 season. Lamine Yamal’s career has always been closely tied to numbers: he made his first-team debut wearing 41, shone with 27, established himself with 19, and now it’s time to raise the bar with the number 10 on his back. All of this without forgetting 304 Rocafonda, where a mural of the player and his number 10 now proudly adorns the neighbourhood.

