Barcelona have enjoyed a fantastic season and the likes of Pedri, Raphinha and Pau Cubarsi have all performed memorably this year. However, we have selected the supremely talented Lamine Yamal as the Blaugrana’s Player of the Season.

The Spanish wonderkid is the main man of Barcelona’s attack at just 17 years old and while he has notched 39 goal contributions at the time of writing, his influence has been far greater than simply goals and assists.

Yamal is arguably now the favourite to win the 2025 Ballon d’Or and it would be richly deserved for a player who looks set to dominate individual awards for years to come.
Barcelona’s Flop of the Season
The vast majority of Barcelona stars have performed well this year, although Gerard Martin is perhaps an outlier in that respect.

The left-back produced two fantastic assists during the second-leg of Barcelona’s Champions League semi-final defeat to Inter Milan, but he was also responsible for a number of goals conceded versus Simone Inzaghi’s side.

Ultimately, he has been a clear downgrade on Alejandro Balde whenever the Spaniard has been unable to play due to injury.

Barcelona’s Best Transfer
There were genuine fears over whether Dani Olmo would actually be able to play for Barcelona this year, due to financial concerns, but he has thoroughly impressed during his time on the pitch.

The Spain international will end the season with less than 2,000 minutes of action, but he has notched 11 goals in that time and he has seamlessly slotted into Hansi Flick’s set-up.

Olmo cost a lot of money at €55m, however he has been an impressive signing for the Camp Nou giants and he has certainly caught the eye the most out of their summer arrivals.

Barcelona’s Worst Transfer
Barcelona only signed three players last summer, Olmo, Wojciech Szczesny and Pau Victor, and the latter has certainly performed the worst this year.

He arrived from Girona for a fairly measly €2.7m and he has barely featured at all, despite the fact that Robert Lewandowski is now 36 years old and would benefit from additional rest.

In total, Victor has only started two La Liga games this season, he has been an unused substitute in more than 25 matches and he has scored just twice.

Barcelona’s Top Scorer
Robert Lewandowski is currently Barcelona’s top scorer during the 2024-25 season with 40 goals across all competitions.

He has scored 25 goals in La Liga, 11 goals in the Champions League, three goals in the Copa del Rey and one goal in the Spanish Super Cup.