Barcelona missed the chance to return to the top of LaLiga as they crashed to a 4-1 defeat at Sevilla on Sunday.

The champions were stunned as their former playmaker Alexis Sánchez and Isaac Romero struck inside the opening 36 minutes for the hosts at Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan Stadium.

Marcus Rashford gave the visitors hope with a superb volley in first-half stoppage time, but Robert Lewandowski spurned the chance to level from the penalty spot after a foul on the England forward.

Sevilla made them pay as José Ángel Carmona and Akor Adams scored in the closing stages.

The hosts earned their victory after a dominant display, particularly in the first half.

Sanchez had already seen an early effort deflected wide when Sevilla were awarded a penalty, following a VAR review, after a tussle between Ronald Araújo and Romero. Sanchez scored and almost set up another for Romero soon after, but the shot went wide.

Barça goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny produced good saves to deny Romero and Batista Mendy in quick succession, and Romero miscued another effort when well placed.

The second goal finally came as Sevilla launched a quick counterattack after Jules Koundé was robbed in midfield. Ruben Vargas swept the ball into the area and Romero tucked it away.

Barca rallied just before the interval, and Rashford was denied by the feet of goalkeeper Odysseas Vlachodimos.

He then went one better in stoppage time as he beat Vlachodimos with a controlled side-foot volley from Pedri's well-weighted cross.

The visitors applied further pressure after the break, but Lewandowski missed the target and Eric García's header from a Rashford corner was easily dealt with by Vlachodimos.

Rashford also had a cross punched away by Vlachodimos, and as he continued to cause problems, he was fouled in the area by Adnan Januzaj 15 minutes from time. Lewandowski failed to take advantage, as he dragged the spot kick wide.

Roony Bardghji twice tried his luck as Barca continued to press but was unable to beat Vlachodimos.

Sevilla thought they had killed off the game in the 87th minute when Adams found the net, but a flag was raised. Barca were unable to capitalize on the reprieve, and Carmona ended the contest when he drilled in a shot in the last minute after opting not to pass to Adams.