ow many league titles does FC Barcelona have?
FC Barcelona is the second most decorated team in Spanish football. The Azulgranas have won LALIGA EA SPORTS 28 times, in addition to 32 Copa del Rey titles. Their national trophy cabinet is completed by 15 Spanish Super Cup trophies and 2 editions of the League Cup (Copa de la Liga).

Internationally, the Culés have lifted a total of 22 titles, 19 of them continental. Their trophy rooms display 5 editions of the Champions League, 5 European Super Cups, 4 Cup Winners' Cups, and 3 Fairs Cups. To this, they add 3 FIFA Club World Cups. In total, 96 trophies.

And, how many Copa del Rey titles do Real Madrid and FC Barcelona have?
Regarding the so-called "Knockout Tournament" (Copa del Rey), Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are also among the most decorated. In fact, FC Barcelona is the 'King of Cups', having accumulated a total of 32 titles. They are followed by Athletic Club with 24. And in third place is Real Madrid. The Merengues have added 20 editions of the Copa del Rey to their history, under its various denominations.

The last edition of this tournament saw a clash between both contenders. A historic final in which the Culés won in extra time with a goal by Koundé (3-2).
Real Madrid's latest title
Real Madrid's trophy cabinet grew at the end of 2024 with the victory in the Intercontinental Cup, the fourth for the Blancos, over Pachuca (3-0). At the LALIGA EA SPORTS level, Real Madrid's last title came in May 2024. The Merengues, with Ancelotti on the bench, accumulated 95 points in LALIGA EA SPORTS 2023/24 compared to 85 for FC Barcelona.

FC Barcelona's latest title
FC Barcelona's last title, meanwhile, is the LALIGA EA SPORTS 2024/25, in which they precisely surpassed the Merengue team. A historic season for the Culés, who managed to win all three national titles, winning the Supercopa (5-2) in January and the Copa del Rey (3-2) at the end of April. Both victories were also against Real Madrid, their rival in ELCLÁSICO.

So, who has more titles: Real Madrid or FC Barcelona?
In the comparison of titles between Real Madrid vs FC Barcelona, the Blanco team is ahead, as the global sum of their trophies exceeds one hundred (109). FC Barcelona, with their recent national treble, is already close to reaching this round figure (96).